Let's go into some positioning and
then we'll wrap up here with Tailwind.
So our pups have these little
name tags underneath them, right.
So Luna, so on and so forth.
It'd be nice if we could put a little
name tag here on the bottom right so
it's not just floating underneath,
it'd be a lot easier to read, right.
So let's open pet.js.
And here we're gonna make
a position relative, right,
cuz we wanna position everything inside
of it relative to the enclosing a tag.
And we'll make that position or
a block, right, so
it's gonna be a display block.
Then here this little info thing,
we're gonna remove that.
You can remove this one up here altogether
if you want for the image container.
And here we're gonna say its position
absolute, it's gonna be bottom-0 left-0.
We're gonna have a nice
bg-gradient-to-top right,
so tr, from-white to-tansparent.
And then we're gonna have a nice pr-2 and
a nice pt-2 just to get to extend out our
little gradient a little bit further.
So position absolute, which means that
this div is going to position
absolutely within this relative block.
That's why we have to have
the relative up here, right.
We want it to be on the bottom
left of this relative block.
We wanna have the background gradient,
so it's gonna start from white and
then it's gonna taper off into
a transparent with a little bit of
padding on the top and on the right.
And now we get these nice little
name tags here at the bottom,
which makes this a lot easier to read.
And again, how quickly we
were able to prototype that,
that took me literally 30
seconds to knock that out.
And when I was writing it myself,
I was just able to do it.
Don't applause me, applaud Tailwind
people, they've done a great job.
>> Let's you have used padding
throughout the app for
whatever, for
let's the top ten in a component.
And let's say you want to
change it to something else.
Is it possible to have named variables so
that when we say B2,
it means whatever two
means to us in my app?
If that question makes sense.
>> Yeah, so basically can you define the
values that get output by the padding to
and the end to click?
Basically can you define your own rhythm?
And the answer is yes,
you do it all through the theming.
>> Okay cool, thanks.
>> Yeah, okay, so the one thing, again,
I didn't do here, so if you click on Luna,
we didn't obviously tackle this one.
I'm gonna leave that to you, cuz I think
that would be a fun exercise for you.
What do I do with these pictures and
how do I prototype that?
I think this would be
a nice little way for
you to kind of cap off your
Tailwind experience here.
Okay, so if you go back to our project
here, what the state of the project is
now is what you actually have
here in the Tailwind directory.
So if you wanna go catch up or
look at what I did differently than you,
that's the state of the repo now.
And that is the end of my
little tutorial on Tailwind.
So hopefully that was enjoyable to you,
at least it shows you a different
current way of working on things.
I'm a fan, I use it when I'm not
necessarily wanting to write a lot of CSS.
If I was starting a brand new big
project at Microsoft I might use it.
I actually quite like it and it enforces
some high quality CSS standards.
The only thing that you have to trade off
here of my biggest downfall is these get
so long, right, and I get so
sick of looking at such long class names.
So that's kind of the downfall from it,
but
everything else I really like about it.
The other thing I'll throw out there
is Tailwind is made by a company called
Tailwind Labs.
And they actually have a paid offering as
well that has like a bunch of higher order
components, like a checkout process or
a blog post or articles,
these bigger compositional things.
So definitely give that a look as well.
You can save yourself a lot of
time by using some of their stuff.